Dominique Pozo: Hi.
Dianna Jaramillo: Hi, Dominic, how are you
Dominique Pozo: Good. Hey, sorry, I didn't see I was doing other work and
Dianna Jaramillo: This was
Dominique Pozo: Minimized and I
Dominique Pozo: Thought it would. I would hear a ding when you came back.
Dianna Jaramillo: Oh yeah, oh no problem at all. I'm just here.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, good. Oh, so
Dianna Jaramillo: How's it going, I'm
Dianna Jaramillo: Interesting things have been interesting. That's for sure.
Dianna Jaramillo: To say
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know, it's just been weird everything. Everything feels kind of weird with all this stuff that's going on and everything, you know, getting shut down and
Dianna Jaramillo: It just feels weird. It's a weird vibe out there.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah. Have you been out there much or
Dianna Jaramillo: Um, no. Not too much. Not really. We went did
Dianna Jaramillo: A couple of things yesterday, but I'm not really in town or anything like that.
Dianna Jaramillo: But people seem to still be going all over these, they're still going to
Dianna Jaramillo: The stores and, you know, still going out. So I mean, even with this.
Dianna Jaramillo: Thing, they, they called for, what's it called,
Dianna Jaramillo: The home where everybody's supposed to stay at home.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, kind of like a quarantine. Just keep yourself at home.
Dianna Jaramillo: Right, yeah. But people are still out in about, you know, so I don't know it's probably not smart when people do that, but
Dominique Pozo: No surprise.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yet you know there's a lot of people still catching it. So, oh,
Dominique Pozo: Totally, yeah i know i think it's i think it's wise to just honor the
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, you know what the government's asking for just at least for another few
Dianna Jaramillo: Weeks. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, I agree.
Dianna Jaramillo: So, but other than that, you know, it's just been kind of rough. You know, it's no in there's like no income at all right now and
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, and
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, just being home and like that that's just sort of how it's been
Dianna Jaramillo: And, um,
Dianna Jaramillo: What else, I don't know. That's, that's pretty much all that's been going on just been home you know
Dominique Pozo: You. I think in group you alluded to a lot of anxiety or something. It seemed like
Dominique Pozo: Really heightened does this it's, I mean, it seems really
Dianna Jaramillo: Related yeah I don't know if it has anything to do with
Dianna Jaramillo: All this other stuff this virus and all this stuff. I think it has more to do with like no money and not knowing you know how
Dianna Jaramillo: How we're going to support ourselves and pay rent and like my phone, you know, um, I only have access to my phone right now because I called the company straight talk
Dianna Jaramillo: And I told them.
Dianna Jaramillo: That I can't get to the store and
Dianna Jaramillo: So I can, you know, get a phone card.
Dianna Jaramillo: So they ended up giving me five free days of service.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, good to know.
Dianna Jaramillo: So, at least that's something you know, but I'm, I'm, or it's already like three days to two days in so my phone will be often another
Dianna Jaramillo: Days, but they said
Dianna Jaramillo: Call back if if things get worse. You know, they said, Call back and hopefully they'll be able to help me again.
Dianna Jaramillo: But that's scary to not
Dianna Jaramillo: Just to not even have access to a phone and you know communication and knowing, knowing what's going on.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, this is your link to connection with people.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: You know, I know the last time we spoke, you were considering asking your dad to spend some time with you.
Dominique Pozo: That ever happened.
Dianna Jaramillo: No, things got worse there too.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, no.
What happened.
Dianna Jaramillo: We were talking all like normal, like, cool, like we always do. Every. I don't know. Few days or once a week or whatever we were talk text, not even really talk. Um, and
Dianna Jaramillo: Um, I actually asked him to help me with my phone so I could get a phone card. And I asked for his help. And, um,
Dianna Jaramillo: And he just kind of blew me off.
Dianna Jaramillo: He didn't. He didn't really say yes or no. And so I waited a couple days and I texted him again. I asked him for help and I mean I haven't asked my dad for help.
Dianna Jaramillo: At all in a whole year.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, and I
Dianna Jaramillo: I even for all the years that I was working. I never once asked my dad for help or anything like that.
Dianna Jaramillo: And now he's refusing I guess just refusing because he never even texted me back. The last time I texted him.
Dianna Jaramillo: And asked him for help and and that that just blows my mind like even my boyfriend was saying like he's he's known some messed up parents, you know, like people that are just messed up to their kids, but nobody ever like my parents.
Dianna Jaramillo: Mm hmm.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, and that that is frickin hurtful.
Dominique Pozo: That is like
Dianna Jaramillo: I never really, I guess, realized that because
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't really have anything to compare it to. You know, like the way my parents are with me.
Dianna Jaramillo: Until now, like now I see it because I see how like my boyfriend is with his parents and how they treat him and my parents aren't like that anywhere near that.
Dianna Jaramillo: With me
Dianna Jaramillo: His parents treat me better than my parents do
Dianna Jaramillo: Gosh, thank God for that I'm really thankful for them.
Uh huh.
Dominique Pozo: I mean, what I
Dominique Pozo: I'm I'm hearing that you like you're making yourself vulnerable with your dad and you're opening
Dominique Pozo: yourself up. And when we do that yourself up to the possibility of being hurt and it's what's happening.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. And I was actually even thinking of maybe like
Dianna Jaramillo: texting him something and saying something like, I don't know really what but
Like
Dianna Jaramillo: Seeing something, you know, like this is how you treat your own blood, you know,
Dianna Jaramillo: Here your daughter, your only daughter and I just, I don't know. It's like, I feel they feel kind of confrontational about it because it's
Dianna Jaramillo: It's just bull. It's bullshit. It's bullshit. The way that he's doing this to me because I haven't asked him for help. Like I said for years.
Dianna Jaramillo: And he can help me. He's got the he's he's well off, and he could totally help me in a heartbeat and and i think probably to his stupid wife has something to do with this to could I remember telling us
Dianna Jaramillo: A little bit about that situation where she's just she's never really liked me and you know she's she painter is is the control of his neck. You know, like she tells him where to turn his head.
Dianna Jaramillo: Well, I just have
Dominique Pozo: Always been towards
Dianna Jaramillo: Towards what yeah well towards their family because they have two sons together, you know, and so I think like that's that's her focus. That's all she cares about. She doesn't give a shit that he had, you know, that he has me and had me in his life anyway.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know that just sucks it sucks.
Dominique Pozo: I mean, from from what I'm hearing at the heart of it all you want connection with your dad.
Dominique Pozo: And when I hear you say that you want us you're feeling. I don't remember confrontational. And I think those are totally valid feelings and I'm not sure if it's going to
Dominique Pozo: Create the kind of connection you want. I think it will create connection because he might respond with his own confrontational reaction.
Dominique Pozo: Yet to get the actual kind of connection you want. I'm wondering, does it feel too vulnerable to to let him know that you know this is hurtful. You're confused. You don't understand. You wanted some clarity around why
Dianna Jaramillo: Well, I kind of already did that. A few weeks ago when
Dianna Jaramillo: I was talking to him and
Dianna Jaramillo: And he was being really cold with me. And the thing is, is like my God is not a really warm lovey W kind of person is. It is. He's, he's just very like
Dianna Jaramillo: even keel and kind of, you know, quiet and internal, you know, kind of person, but with me my whole entire life. He's, he's always been loving with me.
Dianna Jaramillo: He was never like that with any of my siblings or
Dianna Jaramillo: Or even like my mom. He was never like that he's always been really good to me. He we used to be really close. And if I needed help. He was right there, no matter what. And no matter what I was involved in, he would always helped me
Dianna Jaramillo: And anyway, so a few weeks ago when I was talking to him and he was just being really cold with me and it was bothering me. So I did exactly that I did just that. And
Dianna Jaramillo: And I tried to talk to him and and say, I told him I don't know what's going on. But, you know, with you or why I feel like you're
Dianna Jaramillo: Being cold with me or you know you're kind of blowing the offer, whatever, but it's it's not it doesn't feel fair and I and I even told him, I have a feeling my mom.
Dianna Jaramillo: might have something to do with this because she's probably talking about about me.
Dianna Jaramillo: To my dad just because she doesn't like me or doesn't want anything to do with me. I have a feeling she was telling him on probably on drugs or I'm doing this, or I'm doing that, you know, just because me and her aren't living together.
Dianna Jaramillo: She thinks I'm out there just running wild and, you know, play, play doing drugs. And I think that's probably what she was telling him. So I told him that. So I don't know what my mom's telling you, but I, I hope that
Dianna Jaramillo: You will at least talk to me and asked me, because I'm not doing anything wrong. I'm not doing drugs. I'm not, you know, doing anything.
Dianna Jaramillo: Horrible like what you might be hearing. And so I just told him, I want you to know that. And after I said that he kind of lightened up and
Dianna Jaramillo: Then he was being a little, a little bit more cool with me, like, like what I was used to, you know, from my dad. But then now all of a sudden, a few weeks later I asked him for help and
Dianna Jaramillo: And nothing. It's like he just totally
Dianna Jaramillo: turned everything off. It's really weird. So that's why, like, I don't want to keep on like, not so much. It's kind of like kissing ass. I feel like I have to kiss his ass to get his
Dianna Jaramillo: To get any attention or love from him, you know, and I don't want, I don't want to have to be begging anybody for their love ya know, whatever. I don't want to do that. And I already did that. I did that a few weeks ago.
Dianna Jaramillo: So that's why I feel like now I feel like I need to just say it and just
Dianna Jaramillo: Be straight up. And again, like my dad's not a confrontational person if I say something if I text him something like what I just said. I doubt he would even respond at all. I thought he would even
Dianna Jaramillo: Say anything. I don't even know. But I know it wouldn't be you know something I don't want to be hateful. I mean,
Dominique Pozo: I just want to my concern. My concern is that you're feeling it seems to me you're feeling hurt, angry, maybe some resentment.
Dominique Pozo: And and that you're going to just be left with this. That's my only concern. So I'm just thinking, you know, how can you move through this in a way where you're not left just feeling bad and and
Dianna Jaramillo: With nothing. Nothing.
Dominique Pozo: Right. How about, do you want to do some art around it. I i really i
Dominique Pozo: believe so much in art and I
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: I mean you're late work.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. And I'm gonna invite you to do it with your non dominant hand.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, that really taps a
Dominique Pozo: Part of the brain that
Dominique Pozo: We don't typically use
Dominique Pozo: And so new information can come through when we use our Non dominant hand.
Dianna Jaramillo: Okay. Yeah, definitely.
Dominique Pozo: So I think
Dominique Pozo: So the directive.
Dominique Pozo: That I'm going to give you is what would be the best way you could take care of yourself through this. It hurts. It's disappointing.
Dominique Pozo: It's confusing, all these things that what would be really the best way, the most nurturing way to take care of Diana with your dad may or may not ever do this, he may or may not ever come around. But how can you
Dominique Pozo: Take best care. And you can either start writing with your non dominant hand, or you can draw an image if you close your eyes and you imagine the best care, you could give yourself, given the situation. So you can do both. It could be writing and drawing
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, because at this point. What I'm really wanting to encourage is that it's so hard. It's so hard, but that at this point you become your, your own mother and your own father because if they're not showing up for you. We cannot control.
Dominique Pozo: Another human and and it's really, it does. It's not really the highest wish. I get that. But you know if this is what you're working with. And what would that look like to be your own best mother and father
Dianna Jaramillo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: For yourself yet.
Dominique Pozo: It's your boyfriend watching TV over there.
Dominique Pozo: I can. Okay. I was just wondering if it's distracting for you. Is it okay for you.
Dianna Jaramillo: Oh no, it's fine. Yeah, it's fine for me, we're kind of in a in a studio type situation. So there's not a whole lot of room.
Dianna Jaramillo: No.
Dominique Pozo: It's all good. And make sure that you have, you feel like you've got enough space to really process on on your
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, definitely. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Totally. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, take your time really
Dominique Pozo: Really be with this. And even when you think you're done just give yourself another baby. Close your eyes and see if there's anything else that wants to come through. Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And notice to as you do this, just notice your body and
Dominique Pozo: And any little
Dominique Pozo: Sensations or anything that that comes from your body because our body holds so many messages to
Dominique Pozo: So really linking
Dominique Pozo: Like that creative process with the somatic process all of it. There's so much more information than just in our head.
Dominique Pozo: That we can
Dianna Jaramillo: Okay, okay.
Dominique Pozo: What what came through for you.
Dianna Jaramillo: So they sort of
Dianna Jaramillo: Started drying.
Dianna Jaramillo: Line between in the middle of the paper like
Dianna Jaramillo: Like a break.
Dianna Jaramillo: Take a break on grass.
Dianna Jaramillo: And then two little lines on the outside like a broken tie
Dianna Jaramillo: Like snapped in the middle.
Dianna Jaramillo: And then on that, on that side on one side, they put parents and parents and then on the other side of myself.
Dianna Jaramillo: And on my parents site. It's a little broken heart and then on my site. It's a whole heart and I put I'm whole all on my own.
Dianna Jaramillo: And I, my parents side CAN'T CHANGE ANYONE.
Dianna Jaramillo: Marty's Victor them blood
Dianna Jaramillo: It's, it's, I did it all with my Non dominant hand. So it's hard to read book.
Dominique Pozo: Yes. Okay. What does that mean to you. Mothers thicker than blood
Dianna Jaramillo: That, you know, basically, I get treated better by people. I have no blood relation with
Dianna Jaramillo: People that that I don't even know very well. Treat me better than my own blood.
Hmm.
Dominique Pozo: So what is that mud. I've just never, I don't think I've ever heard or
Dominique Pozo: What is the mud represent. Is that what does it mean
Dianna Jaramillo: Just, I don't, I don't know. I guess I really never thought about that either just
Dianna Jaramillo: It's just not blood, it's, it's just
Dominique Pozo: I okay well maybe I'm maybe what I'm hearing is there's more substance in the mud than in your blood relations.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yes. Yeah, exactly.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: You know what's really cool too. I'm thinking of this is leading me to think of where lotuses come from, you know, the beautiful lotus flowers.
Dominique Pozo: grow so much. So it's like hey you're creating a new reality for yourself and maybe your boyfriend and his family and whatever other friendships, you have this is your new family and
Dominique Pozo: You know, you're it. It seems to me to. It's all about reciprocity in a circle of giving and receiving and giving and receiving
Dominique Pozo: And really choosing
Dominique Pozo: Where you do that so that you don't keep hurting yourself.
Dianna Jaramillo: Right, yeah. Yes, definitely. Because even in the case of other other people. Any other people that are that do treat me better and show me more love than my own
Dianna Jaramillo: Family my own blowed even in that case, it's like still
Dianna Jaramillo: I have so much gratitude.
Dianna Jaramillo: For that, but like
Dianna Jaramillo: It's still hard to like I still feel myself holding back
Dominique Pozo: Totally
Dianna Jaramillo: A lot. Yeah, because
Dianna Jaramillo: Because of that, like, because that's not you know it's different with your own family. People are different with their own family when you have family members that that take care of you and that love you and
Dianna Jaramillo: You know that you have a decent relationship with like there's a different kind of connection there. That's a different kind of
Dianna Jaramillo: Relationship.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, then somebody who is not part of that family.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, even, even if there is a good relationship there so I i do kill myself, kind of, you know, like
Dianna Jaramillo: I guess I don't know, like, not really. I don't know about so much holding back but Lake
Dianna Jaramillo: Lake just alone. You know, like I just go freaking alone.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Because of this,
Dominique Pozo: I think what and I and it's definitely coming up is just the grief, you know, and not and I don't want to set aside the grief that sure you may have great people in your life. And that's a really painful. It really hurts you know
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So I'm wondering to
Dominique Pozo: How can you honor this grief and maybe on a daily basis, you know, maybe, maybe making like a little altar. Have you ever made an altar for something
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, maybe making an altar, so that that part knows it's not forgotten and that you're, you're going to keep stroking that part of you that hurts and I from
Dominique Pozo: Well, I've never experienced what you're experiencing, so I can't say that it will pass, although with deep grief. I think if we keep stroking intending to it at least it the wound isn't so we're all the time. You know what I mean, like, yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: I mean it. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: It's gonna be there. It's not going to go away. No matter how much love and
Dianna Jaramillo: Kindness.
Dominique Pozo: Received from other people.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, exactly.
Dianna Jaramillo: Exactly what what would. That's a good idea.
Dominique Pozo: What would an altar look like like can you think of objects or even drawing out the altar just imagining it in your mind. You know what we
Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: That's a good idea. Um,
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know. I don't really know. I think
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know. I would have to put some thought into it. I think, you know, and just
Dianna Jaramillo: Makes us something meaningful.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Something up you know
Dominique Pozo: Something that's coming to my mind is really considering objects that are symbols for tenderness and strength.
Dominique Pozo: No, because seems like this is the most tender thing.
Dominique Pozo: And it's calling on you to like call on your strength.
Dominique Pozo: As well. So what do you, what could be some symbols of tenderness and strength.
Dianna Jaramillo: There's a lot of them. I can't really think of one. I know there's a lot of them.
Dominique Pozo: And I'm really speaking to you because you're an artist, and I know you know we work in the realm of symbol that's
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, definitely.
Dominique Pozo: Have you on the paper with your non dominant hand write the word tender.
Dominique Pozo: And then write the word strength and just see what what comes in.
Dominique Pozo: Don't even think about it. Just let it come, no matter how disconnected, it may seem, you know, from the actual thing just see what comes through.
Very well.
Be that my private transport.
Dianna Jaramillo: I really can't think of anything for
Like
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't know.
Dianna Jaramillo: It's weird. I don't know. I
Dianna Jaramillo: Guess I just haven't felt felt that in so long. You know,
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, I just can't really
Dominique Pozo: Take a moment and think back to the last time you did feel it what what was going on for you. Where, where were you in your life, what did what was the reality. You were in the last time you felt strong
Dianna Jaramillo: Independence, I guess, like I was
Doing
Dianna Jaramillo: I was doing things trying to help other people
Dianna Jaramillo: Uh huh. And
Dianna Jaramillo: I felt good about that. Keynote.
Dianna Jaramillo: Knowing probably most of the people.
Dianna Jaramillo: Or putting very much effort into it. I still felt really good about what I was doing.
Dominique Pozo: Happiness or not made me so
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, that's, that's a huge thing for me. I mean it. It was it always was my whole life. You know, it's
Dianna Jaramillo: I've always I feel like it's just natural for me to be that person to be
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, giving and generous and and
Dianna Jaramillo: More, more, I don't know, kind
Dianna Jaramillo: That strength, you know, in a big way is
Dominique Pozo: Kindness. Okay, there's one, there's something. And what I hear, too, is when you're able to offer and, you know, share, share your gifts that that is what gives you strength.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna put up
Dominique Pozo: And focusing it sounds to me like focusing your energy.
Dominique Pozo: In the acts of
Dominique Pozo: In acts of service is a big one.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: And I can see why you know at this time.
Dominique Pozo: If you're not able to do that. There's a lot of time and space to let your mind go to the pain and the disappointment and all that.
Dianna Jaramillo: But yeah
Dominique Pozo: Definitely I imagine that you know once you do start engaging more you're going to be full with other things. It's like
Dominique Pozo: All the
Dominique Pozo: Issues with your mom and dad will still be there, but they're not going to be in the forefront because you're gonna be
Dianna Jaramillo: Like
You know,
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, that's true, that's true. I didn't really think about that. But yeah, I guess it. It's definitely on my mind a lot more because they just have so much time to just think about it and
Dianna Jaramillo: Just, I don't know. It just, it makes me feel it made me feel weak and
Dianna Jaramillo: Just stupid to have to ask my dad for for any help, and
Dominique Pozo: To
Dianna Jaramillo: Be treated that way. Yeah, it just makes so much sense that it would bother me so much more because
Dianna Jaramillo: There's that's what that's what I have. That's what I have to focus on, you know, like that's it's just
Dianna Jaramillo: There's so much time, if that makes a lot of sense.
Dominique Pozo: So take a moment and let's if you if you're willing to close your eyes and just go back to that time in your life. I'm sure there were many, but just one time, whatever. When you most recently connected with
Dominique Pozo: When you were helping others you are showing up. You even though maybe they weren't helping themselves as much as
Dominique Pozo: You know, you were offering you are still giving and really let yourself go back to that time see yourself see yourself moving through the world going from this place to the next having those interactions and exchanges.
Dominique Pozo: And really if you can feel into your body and remember what that felt like
Dominique Pozo: And just notice you know where, where do you notice the sensations or the that fullness and that strength aware in your body. Do you feel that
Dianna Jaramillo: In my chest, for sure.
Dominique Pozo: So really focus on that focus on that feeling in the chest, the sensation.
Dominique Pozo: The quality of it.
Dominique Pozo: It seems to me that your strength is in that that heart space.
Mm hmm.
Dominique Pozo: You know, there's a lot of
Dominique Pozo: Abundance there in your heart.
Dianna Jaramillo: It really is. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: I really, I see it. I feel it and I'm hearing it from you.
Dominique Pozo: So just be with that for a few more breaths.
Dominique Pozo: Really inhaling and filling that space with some fresh breath. It's like you're like you're breathing into the fire. You know, if you've ever started a fire.
Dominique Pozo: It takes when it takes breath and wind to keep it stoked. So as you inhale, just imagine that you're bringing in a good wind into your heart.
Dominique Pozo: And you're really like growing that fire.
Dominique Pozo: And just if you're able to sense that that warmth from your heart center.
Dominique Pozo: Just let it spread a little more
Dominique Pozo: With it with the next inhale, just imagine that it's just spreading a little more through your being.
Dominique Pozo: And this is all within you.
Dominique Pozo: Know it's all
Dominique Pozo: within you and just if you're willing to keep your eyes closed. This poem is coming to my mind that I want to read to you.
Dominique Pozo: Just stick with that heart space.
Dominique Pozo: There's this poet named Tucker, he'll Gibran
Dominique Pozo: And he wrote
Dominique Pozo: This book.
Dominique Pozo: Called the prophet and in it he talks about many things. And on one of the chapters. It's on children and I'm just going to read this to that that
Dominique Pozo: Inner Child that's in you and
Dominique Pozo: Just take take it as you wish. This is part of the book that says your children and your children are not your children.
Dominique Pozo: They are the sons and daughters of life's longing for itself.
Dominique Pozo: They come through you, but not from you.
Dominique Pozo: And though they are with you. They do not belong to you.
Dominique Pozo: They have their own thoughts.
Dominique Pozo: You may house their bodies, but not their souls.
Dominique Pozo: For their souls dwell in the house of tomorrow, which you cannot visit, not even in your dreams.
Dominique Pozo: You may strive to be like them but seek not to make them like you
Dominique Pozo: You are the bows, from which your children as living arrows are sent for.
Dominique Pozo: The Archer seeks the mark upon the path of the infinite
Dominique Pozo: And he bends you with his might and his arrows may go swift and far let your bending in the archers hand be for gladness.
Dominique Pozo: For ease, even as he loves the arrows that flies, he also loves the bow that is stable.
Dominique Pozo: So I think I just wanted that came to my mind because I'm just thinking, you know, you're you came through your parents and you are your own life spark your own gift and I'm really touching into that as I witness you connecting with your heart space. It's like that's yours, you know,
Dianna Jaramillo: Wow.
Dianna Jaramillo: Wow, that was Wow, that was really perfect
Dominique Pozo: Perfect.
Dianna Jaramillo: Feel like that's like the perfect thing to hear right now in this
Dianna Jaramillo: Situation, it's
Dianna Jaramillo: It's it gets like a reminder
Dianna Jaramillo: Reminder that I that's exactly what I drew on my picture that I'm
Dianna Jaramillo: On my own, my own entity i'm i'm not
Dianna Jaramillo: I'm not them.
Dianna Jaramillo: And I would never
Dianna Jaramillo: Ever treat
Dianna Jaramillo: Anybody like they've cheated me. Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Even though they are my blood.
Dianna Jaramillo: That was good. Thank you. That was really good.
Dominique Pozo: You're welcome. Yeah, I
Dominique Pozo: I always loved that. And
Dominique Pozo: I think unfortunately my father share that with me when I was really young.
Dominique Pozo: And after reading that I was like oh I'm my own person. I love you guys see
Dianna Jaramillo: I could see that I would have probably done the same. Exactly.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: And I love them. I love them yet from on these messages were instilled that
Dominique Pozo: I just came here to them.
You know, and right
Dominique Pozo: There's this process called individuation insight in psychological terms. Have you heard of that.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yes, yes.
Dominique Pozo: Yes.
Dominique Pozo: So it's that process when we we individually wait for my parents, we finally recognize I am my own person and you know it's
Dominique Pozo: And it's an ongoing process, it doesn't it doesn't just happen. And then we're done. I think it's a
Dianna Jaramillo: Continual racist right and
Dianna Jaramillo: Give me one second. I'm just plugging in my phone.
Dianna Jaramillo: So that that even right there. I, I don't think I ever really got to go through that.
Dianna Jaramillo: I really don't. I
Dianna Jaramillo: I think like the way I was raised.
Dianna Jaramillo: With my dad.
Dianna Jaramillo: More so, because he gave me the freedom to just be whatever I was going to be to do whatever I was going to do. He gave me
Dianna Jaramillo: He gave me that the way I think was, it was more normal, but with my mom. It wasn't like that. It was like, you know, and that's that's my mother, a mother and a daughter, that's like, I think that really honestly I think it really messed me up.
Doing
Dianna Jaramillo: She held on so tight. You know, when I was young when I was little, and she just held on so tight and like just wanted to control
Dominique Pozo: You know,
Dianna Jaramillo: Me and didn't give me the freedom to
Dianna Jaramillo: Learn who I was and to figure out, you know what I wanted. And what I liked and she just always wanted control and if it wasn't in her absolute
Dianna Jaramillo: Under her power and control. Then I was like nothing to her.
Dianna Jaramillo: That's, that's, that's exactly what's going on. Again, now, but that's that's the
Dianna Jaramillo: That has repeated itself, since I was a kid, and then it's happening again. No, especially with my mom, you know, but
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, we're very that's a very significant dysfunction on her end, you know,
Dianna Jaramillo: Right. Yeah, definitely.
Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, like, I mean, I think I told you a little bit before that, when you know she, her mother was even worse than her. I mean, her mother had seven daughters.
Dianna Jaramillo: And had no idea what she was doing, she was a teenager. She was 19 by the time she had seven daughters and all she did was beat them all she did was beat up and she beat the shit out of them.
Dianna Jaramillo: Every day somebody's got a beating for their whole upbringing, you know, so it was just nothing but violence.
Dianna Jaramillo: From her own mother's so like, how is she supposed to know how to be a decent mother and I understand that and i i i take that
Dianna Jaramillo: In consideration. I mean, I know how she grew up. I know what happened with her. So, I mean, how could she possibly know she did the best she could I understand that.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, so
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't hold it against her like that at all.
Dominique Pozo: I'm wondering when you're ready, and I think you're still tending so much to the your own her around what's happening. But I, it seems to me like it could be really powerful.
Dominique Pozo: To create an altar for both your mother and father to, you know, have one for your grief and one for each of them and remembering these things because
Dominique Pozo: They're coming from places of wounding and hurt and your dad. I don't know what goes on with his life. But that's a whole other dysfunction that had, you know, isn't isn't you and
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, it's like, Gosh, that must be really hard for him to be
Dominique Pozo: Right controlled
Dominique Pozo: Basically controlled by another human
Dominique Pozo: Or allowing himself to be controlled. He's allowing
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, he is. Exactly.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, I think these altars, they keep coming to my mind like you know it's
Dominique Pozo: without putting any religion. I'm definitely not
Dominique Pozo: Wanting to see a religious thing, it's just
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, it's acknowledging, you know, it's about
Dianna Jaramillo: Acknowledgement right. Yeah, exactly. And I think that's a great idea. I'm gonna
Dianna Jaramillo: Definitely start working on that.
Dianna Jaramillo: And whatever whatever that may be.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: And what it is, really, it's, it's shifting
Dominique Pozo: All it is is shifting your perspective, a few degrees, you know,
Dominique Pozo: It's like we have all these
Dominique Pozo: choices on how we look at situations. And if we're looking at a certain way and we're suffering. It's like God something here is not working. What if I shift my perspective, this way and look through this lens, then what happens
Dianna Jaramillo: Right, yeah. Yeah, it's all about shifting perspective. And that's exactly what I need to work on, because I've had this focus just the way it is. It's just been like this.
Dianna Jaramillo: Straight
Dianna Jaramillo: Just the way it is for so long now. Yeah, well, this whole last year, you know, mainly with with
Dianna Jaramillo: The issues with my mom. It's been this whole entire last year and now things are coming up with my dad and it is, it's totally about shifting perspective and that that you just read to me from the prophet. I remember the prophet, I read that when I was really young.
Dianna Jaramillo: Uh huh. Yeah. And I didn't, I didn't fully understand it, but I felt like it was important. I remember feeling like this is this is special, like this is
Dominique Pozo: Important. Yeah, yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: But that, again, it's, it's like a really good reminder of my own.
Dianna Jaramillo: Individuality in my own my just my own self. And, you know, to
Dianna Jaramillo: If, if necessary. If somebody
Dianna Jaramillo: If, if, if the relationship just feels hurtful.
Dianna Jaramillo: Most of the time, not get whether it's blood or not.
Dianna Jaramillo: The healthiest thing.
Dianna Jaramillo: Is to separate myself. I think separate myself from that situation and focus on what I can do what I can do for for my individuality and not be so focused on, why don't they love me. Why don't they care.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah yeah
Dianna Jaramillo: Because it's not up to me it's not there. Again, they're their own people and you can't change how anybody thinks about anything or anyone
Dianna Jaramillo: And there I can fix them. I can't change them. I can't make them love me the way I wish they did, you know, so it's it's like just I felt like acceptance is going to be a huge thing because I don't think it'll change. Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: And I work
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, I'll definitely work on it but it won't reach
Dominique Pozo: And it's a practice. I mean, I know I can just speak for myself. It's a continual commitment to myself to make that choice.
Dominique Pozo: You know that shoes.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yes.
Dominique Pozo: The relationships that do feel nurturing and not the ones that are re wounding because we all have it. We all have this pattern of and really what it is is that wound wants to heal.
Dominique Pozo: So we attract, you know, the thing that keeps poking it so that we can see it until finally, it's like that poking hurts.
Dominique Pozo: I don't want to keep party.
Dianna Jaramillo: Email. Right. Yeah, exactly.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yes. Yeah, exactly.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, that, that, that feels good, even just to say because I
Dianna Jaramillo: I feel like I've been so focused on trying to change it in, you know, whether it's like trying to
Dianna Jaramillo: Coerce my dad or my mom to love me, or trying to convince them that I'm okay.
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't need to do that. I don't need to do that. I'm okay.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, and
Dianna Jaramillo: And yeah, it's, it is, it kind of is what it is. And it's just going to be what it's going to be whether it changes or not you know i i can't say I'm not a fortune teller at all.
Dianna Jaramillo: I don't have a crystal ball or anything like that. But, you know, maybe it will maybe it will in the future and things will be better. I sure hope so.
Dianna Jaramillo: I really do. But for now, it is it is what it is.
Dominique Pozo: Well, there's also this theory that's a systems theory, whether it's a family system or a system out in the natural world part of the ecosystem. When one thing shifts inevitably there. Everything else has impacted
Dominique Pozo: So by you truly, truly making a shift, whatever that looks like it's going to be felt in your family system.
Dominique Pozo: Even if they don't hear it from you. They don't maybe time may go by. It might be a slow shift, but something will inevitably shift.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, yeah, yeah. And I know that I know that very, very well.
Dianna Jaramillo: I totally, totally believe that I was thinking that as I was talking
Dianna Jaramillo: And that exact thing you know whether whether they
Dianna Jaramillo: Know it or not, like, it will it will be felt and hopefully eventually it'll be seen and
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, I was. I was thinking about exact same thing as I was talking
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: That's really true. That is true when wanting changes, lots of other things change because of that one thing
Dominique Pozo: Yeah i mean it's it's so evident, I
Dianna Jaramillo: I really
Dominique Pozo: Turn to the natural world, often for those metaphors, because there are clickable. But yeah, simply one little tweak in the system, it's it's felt throughout and
Dominique Pozo: So let's take a moment to reconnect just check into that heart space, see what's going on there.
Dominique Pozo: And just notice
Dominique Pozo: And if you can I again. And this time, you can use your dominant hand. So you can just really
Dominique Pozo: Get the ideas or the images out
Dominique Pozo: Quickly, well not quickly but fluidly
Dominique Pozo: Justin, what do you see in there. What, what do you sense what what's in that space and just really get it down on paper, so you
Dominique Pozo: can remind yourself.
Dianna Jaramillo: I draw a heart with
Dianna Jaramillo: Fire and Flames
Dianna Jaramillo: That's a powerful symbol. I think to me in the way
Dianna Jaramillo: You were talking about that when I was just bringing
Dianna Jaramillo: That really touched on strength.
Dianna Jaramillo: To me.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, and I think what we witness, sometimes with fires that it does not destroy the things that
Dominique Pozo: Are most you know an
Dominique Pozo: Indestructible you know like a
Dianna Jaramillo: Firewall, they
Dominique Pozo: Will
Dominique Pozo: Go through an area and then whatever is left that's strength so
Dianna Jaramillo: And also refinance it refines everything and it can make everything
Dianna Jaramillo: better and healthier.
Dianna Jaramillo: More beautiful
Dianna Jaramillo: after it's done too.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, there's a regeneration that happens with fire.
Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: Y'all could diamonds couldn't be made. And, you know, all that good stuff couldn't happen without fire.
Dominique Pozo: Totally, totally
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, that might be something you consider putting on your altar as a little candle to that reminder of that flame.
Dianna Jaramillo: You know, yes. Yep.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yep, and I'm a fire sign and fires always
Dianna Jaramillo: meant something to me it's always been a part of me. You know who I am. So
What's your site's up
Dianna Jaramillo: I'm sorry.
Dominique Pozo: What's your sun sign
Dianna Jaramillo: My I'm an Aries.
Dianna Jaramillo: Aries.
Dianna Jaramillo: But like, yeah, no. Go ahead. Go ahead.
Dominique Pozo: Go ahead. Go ahead.
Dianna Jaramillo: No, like I was just gonna say like the time and date and all that stuff because I had my, my whole chart done it all lined up to fire to Mars to like Firefighter. Firefighter. It was just fire all the way down.
Dianna Jaramillo: Oh no down the chart.
Dominique Pozo: This is so great about half an hour ago, I was thinking, because I do. So I had a wonderful mentor in Santa Fe, who is an astrologer
Dominique Pozo: And a psycho therapist and
Dominique Pozo: We would look
Dominique Pozo: At astrology through the lens through the lens of astrology for character.
Dominique Pozo: Structure. And I was thinking, gosh, it'd be great.
Dominique Pozo: To look at her chart and actually be able to keep focusing on the strength in her chart. So if you want me to do it. I can look at your chart. And then in the next session we can go over it together.
Dianna Jaramillo: That would be so awesome. I would love that.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. So when you get a chance, text me your birthday time place.
Dominique Pozo: And here.
Dominique Pozo: And then I'll take a look. And I'll just do a quick scan and then we'll look at it together. I love bringing astrology into counseling a
Dianna Jaramillo: Feeling it's
Dominique Pozo: A good tool.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, definitely. Me too. I always have. That's so cool. I'm so glad to know that.
Dianna Jaramillo: Really, really cool. I'm excited about that.
Dominique Pozo: Me as well. And I'm so glad to hear that you're really connecting with that areas that Mars energy is it's so strong.
Dominique Pozo: And it is so independent. I mean, it's the first. It is the ruler of the first house. It's all about. Here I am, you know, that will full
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah.
Dianna Jaramillo: I think
Dominique Pozo: You've seen on that sun sign because it's, it is your fire.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely.
Dianna Jaramillo: Cool. That's so cool. I'm excited about that. I can't wait to check that out.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, good. Me too. So, so once you send me the info look at it and then let's look at our calendars and we can think of the next time to
Dominique Pozo: Meet and we can start by going over your chart.
COUGH.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yeah. So what are we going to look at like two weeks again.
Dianna Jaramillo: I think. Sure. Yeah, better to just because of all this, that's going on. And then my phone situation and all that. I don't know when I'll have a phone card or whatever, but hopefully soon.
Dominique Pozo: That sounds good. How is this time does this time work for you. We can do on the night
Dominique Pozo: Yeah, same day our time.
Dianna Jaramillo: Yep, that's perfect for me.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. I'm gonna put you down, then
Dianna Jaramillo: Okay.
Okay, perfect.
Dominique Pozo: Good. Alright. Diana will take good care today and
Dianna Jaramillo: Awesome. Thank you.
Dominique Pozo: You're welcome. See
Dianna Jaramillo: This was really good. I actually feel like, way more calm about things than I did a little while ago. So yeah, you have a wonderful day to Dominique, I'll see you
Dianna Jaramillo: Next time,
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Hey, my
Dominique Pozo: Baby Face.